Add support for usage limits (#409)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/agents.md

### Additional Configuration

#### Usage Limits

PydanticAI offers a [`settings.UsageLimits`][pydantic_ai.settings.UsageLimits] structure to help you limit your
usage (tokens and/or requests) on model runs.

> You can apply these settings by passing the `usage_limits` argument to `run{_sync,_stream}` functions.

Author: ```suggestion
You can apply these settings by passing the `usage_limits` argument to the `run{_sync,_stream}` functions.
```

result_sync = agent.run_sync(
    'What is the capital of Italy? Answer with just the city.',
    usage_limits=UsageLimits(response_tokens_limit=10),
)
print(result_sync.data)
#> Rome
print(result_sync.usage())
#> Usage(requests=1, request_tokens=20, response_tokens=4, total_tokens=24, details=None)

try:
    result_sync = agent.run_sync(
        'What is the capital of Italy? Answer with a paragraph.',
        usage_limits=UsageLimits(response_tokens_limit=10),
    )
except UsageLimitExceeded as e:
    print(e)
#> Exceeded the response_tokens_limit of 10 (response_tokens=143)
```

Restricting the number of requests can be useful in preventing infinite loops or excessive tool calling:

```py
from typing import TypedDict

from pydantic_ai import Agent, ModelRetry
from pydantic_ai.exceptions import UsageLimitExceeded
from pydantic_ai.settings import UsageLimits

class NeverResultType(TypedDict):
    """
    Never ever coerce data to this type.
    """

    never_use_this: str

agent = Agent(
    'claude-3-5-sonnet-latest',
    result_type=NeverResultType,
    system_prompt='Any time you get a response, call the `infinite_retry_tool` to produce another response.',
)

> @agent.tool_plain(retries=5)  # (1)!

Author: Do we need to add something that is referenced by the `# (1)!`? And the `# (2)!` below?

def infinite_retry_tool() -> int:
    raise ModelRetry('Please try again.')

try:
    result_sync = agent.run_sync(
        'Begin!', usage_limits=UsageLimits(request_limit=3)  # (2)!
    )
except UsageLimitExceeded as e:
    print(e)
    #> The next request would exceed the request_limit of 3.
```

!!! note

>     This is especially relevant if you're registered a lot of tools, `request_limit` can be used to prevent an abundance of these calls.

Author: ```suggestion
    This is especially relevant if you're registered a lot of tools, `request_limit` can be used to prevent the model from choosing to make too many of these calls.
```
